We have already seen what our
future is, what our vision is.
We have set very clear goals
with the airport test.
In addition, we have made a journey
back to the past because it is very
important that we make the effort
to know ourselves very well and what
we have done is to identify
the most relevant experiences in
our lives and have analyzed them.
We are now more aware
of our strengths,
of our analysis from
a different perspective.
In this case, we will not analyze
ourselves, but we will support
ourselves in people who know us.
That is.
How will we do it?
Look, this can be called the
shark test and this has been
taken from a television
program in the United States
called Shark Tank, where there
were entrepreneurs who had
a business idea and tried to
convince investors to invest
in that business idea.
Now we see how it relates
to exercise.
In Spain there has been a similar
program called Your Opportunity,
which some will know,
where it was also done the
same.
Why do I tell the Shark
Tank test?
Because it really was being
judged by others.
That is, it was others who decided whether
my business idea was good or bad
regular, whether it was worth investing
in it or not.
In this case, we will use
it, they are people who know
us and who normally love
us well.
We're not just going to ask an enemy
because that in the end the result
is bad.
And we will ask them to tell
us what our superpowers are,
our strengths, our weaknesses,
what motivates us,
what doesn't, what annoys
us.
We will try to get them to
explain us, to identify us.
These, what we call
superpowers, are those things
we are in, which makes us special.
And why will we do this?
Because often the analysis we
do of ourselves is misguided or
sometimes we don't give importance
to things that have it.
I remember the case of a person who was
very good organizing, for example, trips
between friends and him, for him, as
it was something natural didn't give
him any importance and thought that
it wasn't a quality of him, that he
could exploit in another area, in
the professional field.
And it was when the others told him,
when he realized, it is true,
I am very good at organizing,
I am very good at planning,
I am very good at putting a plan,
putting people in agreement
and executing that
plan.
It is a competition that
you can perfectly, professionally,
get a lot out of.
Yes, but he was not conscious.
If you asked him what you are
good at, he't have answered that
characteristic naturally.
The journey back to the past we
have made before has identified
some qualities, some strengths
and maybe left out others
that are out of the radar.
And now we'll put them under the
focus by asking the others.
How will we do it?
The shark test is a test
that consists of sending
an email to at least
10 people who know
us well.
It can be personal or professional,
or a mix.
They don't have to be just one or just
another.
I will also propose an email
text so that people can use it.
Then they adapt it to what they feel
more comfortable with.
Let us leave the text.
actually is.
And the text, well, the matter
would say, friend, help me
to identify my superpowers, which is
also a type of information and although
they will be friends and they will
know us and in any case they will
answer us, if we put this title
because it will also generate, it
will give rise to debate and
curiosity as we ask you hear,
what is this?
And they will be able to answer.
Then I would say, dear friend or
friend, I am working on developing
my personal brand and for that,
since you are one of the people
who know me best, I ask you for
help to identify me all
that in your opinion makes
me different from others,
makes me special.
To make it easier, if you had
to say what my superpower is,
what would you say?
And then I say, although I'm sure
there are other things you don't
like about me, now I want to
focus only on the positive, nothing
more.
But I want to ask you to be totally
honest, that is, it's not worth saying,
hear, how good you are, you're the
best in everything, no, because otherwise
you won't help me.
Thank you very much for your time and
for accessing to help me, it is
very important for me and I will
already go commenting on my
advances, it is important then to
share with people what the result
you have had.
A hug, your name, sign and
send it.
If they are 10 perfect, if they are
better, the wider the sample, the
better, because it will give us
more information about us.
And once we have done this and received
the answers, what we have to do logically
is contrast it with all the
information we have obtained
from the previous exercises, with
the airport test and with the
trip back to the past, especially
with the trip back to the
past.
And in this way we will already
have a much wider picture, we will
have our vision and the vision
of people who know us to identify
strengths, weaknesses
and motivations.
I love it, just to finish I will
advance something that I am sure happens
to a lot of people and it is that
it is embarrassing to send it.
It is true, that is true.
Then I just came up in the head
that what we can do is, the advice
we give is that you are justified
because you are doing Power
MBA.
It is a very good idea, indeed.
And within the MBA program, of
Power MBA, we are in a coaching
process in which I will
learn to know myself better
to define my professional
and vital goals, etc.
And one of the tasks we are doing
is this and I would love if you
helped me.
I say it because it's easier like
that, because you're justifiing that
as within a program and within
a methodology.
It is right that sometimes people
are embarrassed and it is something
that we must overcome, because what
we are doing is to ask for a favor
from people who know us, who
can help us, but I understand
that there is that barrier and
it is the perfect justification.
Of course, because it is no longer the happy
idea that I have put it on the internet
and so on.
No, it is within a program.
and exact.
And thousands of people are doing it.
And with a purpose, indeed.
I am not looking for the virality
of sending, I am looking for it so
that people don't shame him.
No, no, and I think it will be very
helpful.
Obviously this exercise is not why
you should do it in writing, although
in writing I think it gives information
because it forces people to
structure the data of information
they will give about you.
But you can also make an informal,
social conversation of
any kind.
But well, obviously it is better
to do this way because we
have structural information.
I recommend that everyone do it because
it really leads you to surprises, it
strengthens you in things and it is
true that there are many times that
you have not read the weaknesses.
That is the exercise we propose.
Come on, it is all to do.